Vanilla+
Description: An addon that changes some core mechanics of how survival is played!

Creator of this addon!
The Reiko69 or Reiko#3959 on discord! (Feel free to friend me if you want ;)

A thank you to those who have helped me make this addon become a reality!

Seion for giving me plenty of ideas on what to change to make the core game more intresting
than vanilla Minecraft!

The Bedrock.dev community has helped out immensely with teaching me how to code some
hard parts in this addon and how to get everything working properly! So I thank everyone
who has helped me there. here is a discord link for there server if you wanna join and
show your support to them! https://discord.gg46JUdQb

My entire community as a whole! Giving me ideas on what to change and how to improve
on the ideas I already have implemented!

Version History:
Version 1.0.0

Changes that were made:
- Food rework! Cooked foods now heal you like in the Java Edition of Minecraft
when eaten! Uncooked meat foods also have a chance to poison you but have the
same hunger gain as cooked foods (Except for the saturation, uncooked foods will
also give you less saturation!) Foods now take usually much longer or shorter to
eat! But give you a more meaningful impact to your hunger and saturation depending
on the food type!

- Stews Rework! Rabbit Stew, Mushroom Stew, and beetroot stew now each give
different effects upon eating them! Mushroom stew give regeneration 1 for 15
seconds, beetroot stew gives resistance 1 for 15 seconds, and rabbit stew gives
jump boost 1 for 15 seconds! All 3 stews are also instant eat as well and are
stackable up to 8!(Now with an enchanted tint as a cherry on top ;) )

- Enchanted Golden Apples and Golden apples rework! Both types of gaps now give
much more intense effects but for an shortened amount of time, as well as both
being able to be instantly eaten!\n\nEnchanted Apples effects are as follows,

Resistance 4: 5 Seconds
Strength 4: 5 Seconds
Regeneration 10: 3 Seconds
Absorption 4: 10 Seconds

Golden Apples effects are as follows,
Resistance 2: 5 Seconds
Strength 2: 5 Seconds
Regeneration 6: 1 Second
Absorption 2: 10 Seconds

- Chorus Fruits Rework! Chorus fruits now have no cooldown and are instant eat!
However they dont give any hunger at all and the teleport was nerfed from an
8x8x8 to a 4x4x4 area!

- Totem of Undying buff! Now has a passive regeneration 1 and health boost 3
when equipped in your off hand!

- Reworked some mobs! Charged Creepers now have a rare chance to natually spawn!
(1 out of 100 chance!) and husks will now poison you rather than give you hunger,
making them more of a threat rather than a minor inconvinence!

- Reworked Potions! Now regular potions will stack up to 8 and can be drinked
much much faster! Splash and lingering potions have recieved a massive increase
of range of which they can be thrown! Making them much more effective as ranged
weapons or support items for your friends! Lingering potions now have a sped
up time for when they reapply effects! Also being stackable up to 16!

- Ender Pearl Rework! Now being able to be thrown a bit more of a farther distance!

- Added some originally uncraftable items! here they are!

- Saddles can be craftable now! from leather, iron ingots and iron nuggets!

- Chainmail armor now can be made from chains

- Monster Spawners can be crafted from iron bars!

- Zombie, Creeper, Skeleton, and Wither Skeleton mob eggs can now be crafted
from mob heads and eggs! (Pssttt, You get mob heads from charged creepers in
case yha dint know ;) )

- Elytra's are now craftable from some string, popped chorus fruit, leather,
feathers and phantom membranes!

- All horse armors are now craftable with leather horse armor and then the
armor's material around the leather horse armor!

- Enchanted Golden Apples are now craftable with 8 gold blocks around a
golden apple!

- Totem of Undying's are now craftable with a gold helmet, 3 gold blocks,
an enchanted golden apple, and 2 emeralds!

- Chains are now crafted using 3 nuggets instead of 2 nuggets and 1 iron ingot!

Version 1.0.3

Bug Fixes:
- Improved totem health start back time when a higher limited time regren
is applied. (used to have to wait usually 3 seconds before the regeneration
effect would apply agan after eating food and getting the small temperary
regen boost. Now it will reapply itself near instantly after the temp regen
boost is gone, ame applies for normal potion use for regen as well)

- Fixed a few of the broken crafting recipes introduced in version 1.0.0

Additions/changes:

- Added and customized Glow berries to the food list! they give you
absorption hearts for 15 seconds! As well as made them craftable and glow!

- Made the golden carrot glow

- Changed rabbit stew to give speed 1 instead of jump boost 1

Version 1.0.9

- Changed Evoker totem drop rates from 100% too 25%. The Power of a totem is
so much that I personally feel as if this needed to be addressed as it was way
too easy to obtain such a powerful item semi early game/mid game so easily.
Now you have to do a bit more grinding making this strong item have the rarity
it should have had before. without touching the op stats of the totem!

- Slight nerf to the totem, reducing the hearts it gives you by 1. It used to
give 6 hearts, But that was not originally intended when I first made it
(Which was only suppose to be 5 hearts). Now with this new method I am
using, the totem will now act like how I wanted to when I first made it!
Also I changed the totems recipe to require now 2 emerald blocks, just to make
it a lil harder to craft, but not really since emeralds are insanely easy to
get in large quantities

- Tridents are now craftable with 1 heart of the sea and 4 iron ingots!

- Added Dragon Master potion! Effects are as follows.

Resistance 5: 15 Seconds
Regeneration 10: 1 Minute 30 Seconds
Strength 10: 1 Minute 30 Seconds
Speed 5: 1 Minute 30 Seconds
Haste 10: 2 Minutes
Health Boost 10: 2 Minutes
Night Vision 3 Minutes
Saturation: 3 Minutes
Fire Resistance: 3 Minutes

The Dragon Master Potion was added as an end game item for those who collect
the dragon egg after beating the dragon. It is an incredibly strong, game
changing potion that is suppose to act as a trump card or Get outta jail free
card for any situation you might see yourself in. You can also get more dragon
Master potions by raiding end city ships for the dragon heads to use those in
a way to get more of these legendary potions after you use up the 2 dragon eggs
you can get from beating the dragon. Albeit more hard to get items will be used
to craft this potion without the dragon egg.

- Changed End City Loot Tables! Now end city chests will no longer spawn with
iron gear at ALL! Being replaced now with netherite gear! (Although with a
lower chance to spawn than diamond to balance things out) this was a much
needed change in my opinion as end cities were ever only really known for
maybe getting some decent diamond gear and elytra's. This changes as
netherite gear, god apples, and doubles (Yes, doubles) the enchantment range
for gear were all very signifigant changes that were needed to make raiding
end cities more viable for getting good gear after beating the dragon.

- Shields now give a passive resistance boost! As well as a slight change in
crafting. The trusty old shield was once an item that was really super easy
to get and for what you had, it gave alotta value. However with the changes
to make the totem better. The sheild more or less becomes obsolite once you
get your hands onto a totem as the shield has no passive effects but a strong
active effect like the totem, other than the totem's active effect is, well,
you dying. which is in a way still passive. The shield will now give its own
passive effect, which is resitance 1. as well as now with this addition being
a lil harder to craft, yet still remaining cheap. requiring now 6 iron ingots
and 1 wood to craft. Hopefully this makes the shield still a viable alternative
to the totem in the end game when you already probably have a totem, making
players have to decide on more general defense overall, or more health and being
able to regenerate health constantly.